
|<-------        Help File for the Complex Plasmas Simulation Program.      ------->| 

Basics:

- Program begins paused, variables read in (and converted to program units) are displayed before beginning
  so you can read them and double-check they are at desired values. Keys are listed below, but press 'r' to
  unpause and begin simulation, press 'q' to quit.
- NOTE: if you wish to record videos (using 'm' for start, 'M' for stop), you must have FFMPEG library installed.
  Otherwise, when you attempt to record, the program will simply crash.

Following is the keys and their corresponding action:
	
	'q' - (quit) - exit the application
	'r' - is a toggle for run/pause
	'x' - translates to the left
	'X' - translates to the right
	'y' - translates down
	'Y' - translates up
	'z' - translates away from the viewer
	'Z' - translates towards the viewer
	't' - toggles a tracer on/off (shows the lines of paths of the particles, they are simply not erased each time step)
	'a' - toggle to turn viewing aids on/off (Debye Length marker, top/bottom boundaries)
	'g' - toggle dust pair viewing on/off (a line drawn between dust grains and their companions)
	'f' - toggle dust freezing on/off (see Dust Grain Selection below for more information)
	
	'm' - start recording the simulation window.
	'M' - stop recording the simulation window.
	's' - takes a screenshot of the simulation.
	
	'I' - increase BaseIonWakeFractionalCharge
	'i' - decrease BaseIonWakeFractionalCharge
	'V' - increase the power on the lower plate
	'v' - decrease the power on the lower plate
	'C' - increase the power on the side cavity
	'c' - decrease the power on the side cavity
	'P' - increase gas pressure in milliTorr
	'p' - decrease gas pressure in milliTorr
	
	'h' - print out the help menu to the console.

Explanation of BaseIonWakeFractionalCharge: This variable stores, for each dust, what fraction of the dust's charge the point
charge should get (absolute value-wise). 

Additional options exist in a right-click menu. The option labels with their functionality is listed below:

Select One Dust Grain (l)    	Alternative to pressing 'l' on keyboard. Functionality is described below.
Select Two Dust Grains (L)		Alternative to pressing 'L' on keyboard. Functionality described below.
Start Movie (m)            		Begins recording movie (if one is not in progress). You must have the ffmpeg 
								library installed.
Stop Movie  (M)            		Stops recording movie (if one is in progress). You must have the ffmpeg library
								installed.
Take Screenshot (s)        		Takes a screenshot of the simulation. The image will be saved as Screenshot.jpeg.
								Also requires ffmpeg.
Help (h)						Prints out this help menu (shortcut to pressing 'h').

-------------------------------------- Dust Grain Selection ------------------------------------------------------

	For typical dust manipulation, only on dust grain can be selected. There is a two dust selection mode, but it is
	made for raising one dust below and another above the crystal plane, for observing what happens and seeing if 
	torsions occur.
	With one dust selection, the previous dust grain selected will be stored.
	To select 1 dust grain, press 'l' or right click and choose 'Select One Dust Grain'. This takes you into an 
	orthographic top view, and you can use your mouse and click on a dust grain you wish to mess with. The
	previously selected dust grain (if there is one) will be colored pink. The current dust grain is always blue.

	Two dust selection ('L' or the right click menu option) will allow you to lower the mass of one dust grain and
	increase the mass of another dust grain, effectively raising one dust grain above the plane while lowering another 
	dust grain below the plane.
	
	Note:
	The idea of this selection model is to allow comparison of two dust grains. You can freeze dust movement, and move
	individual dust grains up and down, allowing them to pair to observe their interactions. By freezing them, the dust
	forces won't be applied, so dust grains are still bodies, while the point charges still adjust.

	To turn on dust movement xyz (rather than camera movement), press 1. Press shift+1 (!) to go back to camera xyz
	movement. If dust is not frozen, it will try to float back down because the plate is pulling it down. To freeze the
	dust, press 'F'. Press 'f' to unfreeze dust movement (if you want to allow any moved dust to float back down). This
	can allow, for example, observations of ion wake adjustments.
	

